Machine Learning:
    It is like teaching computers to think. With it computers can learn from data, identify the patterns, and making predictions and decision without being told what to do.

Types of Machine Learning:
1. Supervised Learning:
    It's like teaching the computer using labeled data and based on that data it makes decisions.
2. Unsupervised Learning:
    It looks for patterns and relatioships in the data own its own, upon which it makes the decisions.
3. Reinforcement Learning:
    A method to train the computer to learn by trail and error. In this computer learns by interacting with an enviornment and receives reward for making decision.

Supervised Learning:
    It involves training a computer to make prediction based on the labeled data. The labeled data contains both inout and output for example images of dog with lable and other objects/living things labeled as not dog. This helps the computer to learn the patterns and make decisions.

    It is used in many applications such as image recognition, fraud detection and natural language proessing. It is a powerful tool used to make decisions based on the historical data.    

    Application:
    *   Real estate prediction 
    *   Weather Forecasting 
    *   Image classification
    *   Spam Detection

Unsupervised Learning:
    It is a type of machine learning that is not dependent on the labeled data. It is more like self discovery where it finds the pattern own its own. It can be used for data compression and image recognition. For example it can be used to find the patterns in images and compress them without losing important information.

    It is more like exploring the unknown and discovering hidden patterns in your data. 

    Topic Modelling: it a type of unsupervised learning that can identify the underlying topics in a large corpus of the text data. It works by analyzing the patterns of the word usage in the text and grouping them together words tend to appear together.

    K-Means Clustering is a popular unsupervised algorithm used for grouping data points.

    Application:
    *   Document theme extraction
    *   Customer Segmentation
    *   Insurance Fraud Detection
    *   Delivery Store Optimization

Reinforecement Learning:
    In this the computer learns by interacting with the enviornment, receiving rewars for good behaviour and punishment for bad behaviour.

    Application:
    *   Used in robotics
    *   Finnace trades
    *   In film industry for vertual characters

Deep Learning:
    It is a subset of machine learning, which itself is a branch of artifical intelligence. It is based on the concept  of neural networks 

Types of Deep Learning:
1. Artificial Neural Netwroks(ANNs):
    It consist of the neural nodes that are connected to each other in a layered format. There is a input layer a, many hidden layer and a output layer.
    They are versatile and can be applied to a broad range of tasks, from customer relationship management to predicting stock prices or classifying images, though they are not as efficient in processing spatial and sequential data as CNNs and RNNs.
2. Convolutional Neural Networks(CNNs):
    They are specifically designed to process pixel data and are used extensively in image recognition and processing. They are structured with convolutional layers that apply concolutional filters to the input, pooling layers that reduce dimensions, and fully connected layers similar to those in ANNs.
    Primarly used in image and vedio recognition, Image classification, medical image analysis.
3. Recurrent Neural Network:
    In this the output from one step is fed as input for the next step. 
